docs/ccm-migrator/features.md, before:

Features
--------

| Name                                          | Status   |
| --------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Community browser/picker                      | ✅        |
| Migrate Library to Community Files            | ✅        |
| Migrate Multiple Libraries to Community Files | ✅        |
| Migrate Library in to Files Folder            | ✅        |
| Pre-migration information (Test Mode)         | ✅        |
| Auto conflicting file rename                  | ✅        |
| Auto invalid character replacement            | ✅        |
| Migration history log                         | ✅        |
| Detailed migration logging                    | ✅        |
| Migration roll-back by community              | ✅        |
| Migrate between two Connections environments  | ✅        |
| Export CCM data to file system                | ✅        |
| Migrate library to sub-community files        | ✅        |
| Export data for URL redirection               | ✅        |

Commit message:

ccm-migrator added features/data to nav

docs/ccm-migrator/features.md, after:

Features
--------
This is a breif list of the features we have implemented or plan to implement in the future.

If you want to know more you're very welcome to [open an issue on
GitHub](https://github.com/isw-kudos/huddo-docs/issues/new?labels=ccm-migrator)
or contact your favorite Huddo team member.


| Name                                          | Status   |
| --------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Community browser/picker                      | ✅        |
| Migrate Library to Community Files            | ✅        |
| Migrate Multiple Libraries to Community Files | ✅        |
| Migrate Library in to Files Folder            | ✅        |
| Pre-migration information (Test Mode)         | ✅        |
| Auto conflicting file rename                  | ✅        |
| Auto invalid character replacement            | ✅        |
| Migration history log                         | ✅        |
| Detailed migration logging                    | ✅        |
| Migration roll-back by community              | ✅        |
| Migrate between two Connections environments  | ✅        |
| Export CCM data to file system                | ✅        |
| Migrate library to sub-community files        | ✅        |
| Export data for URL redirection               | ✅        |
