docs/boards/env/notifications.md, before:

The notifications sent out from Huddo Boards can be customised to include company logos, links and support email addresses.
The custom values are set as ENV variables in the config file.

The image below shows the items that can be customised within notifications:
<br/>

![Customisable values](notification-config.png)

### From Name

Use `events.env.NOTIFIER_EMAIL_FROM_NAME` to set the from name for emails <br/>Default: `Huddo Boards`

### From Email

Use `events.env.NOTIFIER_EMAIL_FROM_EMAIL` to set the sent from email address <br/>Default: `no-reply@huddo.com`

### Resource Links

Use `events.env.SHOW_RESOURCE_LINKS: 'false'` to hide the resource links (Resources, Full Feature List, Pricing) from the email footer.

### App Logo

Specify a URL to point to a hosted logo image by specifying `events.env.APP_LOGO_URL` in the config.
For example: `https://company.com/assets/logo.png`

Note that an inline base64 encoded data URL can also be used for this variable.

### Brand Logo

Specify a URL to point to a hosted logo image by specifying `events.env.BRAND_LOGO_URL` in the config.
For example: `https://company.com/assets/logo.png`

Note that an inline base64 encoded data URL can also be used for this variable.

### Social Links

The links below the brand logo can be customised. These do not necessarily need to be displayed as images/icons and can be text based links.

The standard/default Huddo social links can be replaced by setting the `events.env.SOCIAL_LINKS` variable. Specifying an empty array will remove all social links.

The links are specified in a JSON array of objects with the format:

```json
{
    "name": "Link Name/Text",
    "link": "Link URL",
    "icon": "(Optional) Hosted Icon URL or data URL"
}
```

e.g.:

```json
"[{\"name\": \"Intranet\",\"link\":\"https://company.com/intranet/\"},
  { \"name\": \"Support\", \"link\": \"https://company.com/support\",
    \"icon\": \"https://company.com/assets/support_icon.png\"}]"
```

### App Name

Use `events.env.APP_NAME` to specify the app name.<br/>Default: `Huddo Boards`

### Support Email

The support email address can be specified in `events.env.NOTIFIER_EMAIL_SUPPORT_EMAIL`<br/>Default: `support@huddo.com`

## Email Config Example (YAML)

```yaml
events:
  env:
    NOTIFIER_EMAIL_FROM_NAME: My Company
    NOTIFIER_EMAIL_FROM_EMAIL: boards@company.com
    APP_LOGO_URL: https://company.com/assets/company_logo.png
    SHOW_RESOURCE_LINKS: 'false'
    BRAND_LOGO_URL: https://company.com/assets/logo.png
    SOCIAL_LINKS: "[{\"name\": \"Intranet\",\"link\":\"https://company.com/intranet/\"}, { \"name\": \"Support\", \"link\": \"https://company.com/support\",
    \"icon\": \"https://company.com/assets/support_icon.png\"}]"
    APP_NAME: Boards for My Company
    NOTIFIER_EMAIL_SUPPORT_EMAIL: support@company.com
```

Commit message:

new email customisation variable: SHOW_CONTACT_SUPPORT

docs/boards/env/notifications.md, after:

The notifications sent out from Huddo Boards can be customised to include company logos, links and support email addresses.
The custom values are set as ENV variables in the config file.

The image below shows the items that can be customised within notifications:
<br/>

![Customisable values](notification-config.png)

### From Name

Use `events.env.NOTIFIER_EMAIL_FROM_NAME` to set the from name for emails <br/>Default: `Huddo Boards`

### From Email

Use `events.env.NOTIFIER_EMAIL_FROM_EMAIL` to set the sent from email address <br/>Default: `no-reply@huddo.com`

### Resource Links

Use `events.env.SHOW_RESOURCE_LINKS: 'false'` to hide the resource links (Resources, Full Feature List, Pricing) from the email footer.

### App Logo

Specify a URL to point to a hosted logo image by specifying `events.env.APP_LOGO_URL` in the config.
For example: `https://company.com/assets/logo.png`

Note that an inline base64 encoded data URL can also be used for this variable.

### Brand Logo

Specify a URL to point to a hosted logo image by specifying `events.env.BRAND_LOGO_URL` in the config.
For example: `https://company.com/assets/logo.png`

Note that an inline base64 encoded data URL can also be used for this variable.

### Social Links

The links below the brand logo can be customised. These do not necessarily need to be displayed as images/icons and can be text based links.

The standard/default Huddo social links can be replaced by setting the `events.env.SOCIAL_LINKS` variable. Specifying an empty array will remove all social links.

The links are specified in a JSON array of objects with the format:

```json
{
    "name": "Link Name/Text",
    "link": "Link URL",
    "icon": "(Optional) Hosted Icon URL or data URL"
}
```

e.g.:

```json
"[{\"name\": \"Intranet\",\"link\":\"https://company.com/intranet/\"},
  { \"name\": \"Support\", \"link\": \"https://company.com/support\",
    \"icon\": \"https://company.com/assets/support_icon.png\"}]"
```

### App Name

Use `events.env.APP_NAME` to specify the app name.<br/>Default: `Huddo Boards`

### Support Email

The support email address can be specified in `events.env.NOTIFIER_EMAIL_SUPPORT_EMAIL`<br/>Default: `support@huddo.com`

Use `events.env.SHOW_CONTACT_SUPPORT: 'false'` to hide the following line of text containing the support email address:

> Need help? Email us at `events.env.NOTIFIER_EMAIL_SUPPORT_EMAIL`

from the email footer.

## Email Config Example (YAML)

```yaml
events:
  env:
    NOTIFIER_EMAIL_FROM_NAME: My Company
    NOTIFIER_EMAIL_FROM_EMAIL: boards@company.com
    APP_LOGO_URL: https://company.com/assets/company_logo.png
    SHOW_RESOURCE_LINKS: 'false'
    BRAND_LOGO_URL: https://company.com/assets/logo.png
    SOCIAL_LINKS: "[{\"name\": \"Intranet\",\"link\":\"https://company.com/intranet/\"}, { \"name\": \"Support\", \"link\": \"https://company.com/support\",
    \"icon\": \"https://company.com/assets/support_icon.png\"}]"
    APP_NAME: Boards for My Company
    NOTIFIER_EMAIL_SUPPORT_EMAIL: support@company.com
```
